Add security md file (#1696)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Report a Vulnerability

Please report security issues or vulnerabilities to the [Intel® Security Center].

> For more information on how Intel® works to resolve security issues, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how Intel® resolves security issues, see
```

Author: I'm not sure if we can change the content here. @maria-Petrova It's true?

Reviewer: if it's a wording provided by legal, then it's ok to leave as it is

Reviewer 2: Yes, the wording was provided by legal, so please leave it the way it is.
